docs: PD manual 8.6 revisions (#19656)
OpenTrons/opentrons-api: docs/protocol-designer/docs/steps/mix.md

  <figcaption>Select wells, volume, repetitions, and tip management settings in the first mix step form.</figcaption>
</figure>

!!! Note

>     In Protocol Designer v8.6.0, select **Tip rack** as the tip drop location to return your Flex or OT-2 pipette tips to the tip rack after aspirating, dispensing, or mixing.
> 
>     The pipette will return tips to their original position in the tip rack. You won't be able to pick up these tips again in the same protocol. 

Reviewer: I think users don't know what version of PD they're running. We can write the docs like there is only one version, the current one (which is largely true). Also, I think the thing that's noteworthy here is the fact that you can't go back to used tips — not how you select the option. So:

```suggestion
    If you select **Tip rack** as the tip drop location, the pipette will return tips to their original position in the tip rack. You won't be able to pick up these tips again in the same protocol. 
```

Author: I like it. updated the text in transfer.md too.

> In the aspirate and dispense tabs, you can adjust the flow rate, well order, and tip position within the well. Available advanced settings in a mix step include a delay after aspirating or dispensing, and blowout and touch tip after dispensing. See the advanced settings table in [Transfer steps](transfer.md) for descriptions of each.

Reviewer: how about a section link
```suggestion
In the aspirate and dispense tabs, you can adjust the flow rate, well order, and tip position within the well. Available advanced settings in a mix step include a delay after aspirating or dispensing, and blowout and touch tip after dispensing. See the [advanced settings for Transfer steps](transfer.md#additional-settings) for descriptions of each.
```
